Add support for expectNever (#130)
SamVerschueren/tsd: readme.md

Check that `value` is not marked a [`@deprecated`](https://jsdoc.app/tags-deprecated.html).

> ### expectNever&lt;T&gt;(value)
> 
> Check that the type of `value` is `never` and also returns `never` (useful for checking all branches are covered).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### expectNever(expression: never)

Asserts that the type and return type of `expression` is `never`.

Useful for checking that all branches are covered.
```
